it was 8:00 p.m. on Thursday night when
yagi family were having their last cup
of tea before they gathered and they
drank their last cup of tea the Israeli
forces demolished their house with at
least two air strikes this house had at
least 40 Palestinians who were displaced
in this house and not only that the
house that was bombed had at least four
houses surrounding it under the rubble
of this house where I am standing right
now is at least
Palestinians still trapped under the
rubble their families have been looking
for them and searching for them for more
than 72 hours right now they told me
they're tired they have been looking
looking for them and searching for them
but
unfortunately they did not find them uh
with us today is sh one of the family
members sh can you tell us what exactly
[Music]
happened on Thursday the family gathered
at home we were all fasting I stepped
into that room the house was full and
there was no space I sat by the wall and
placed my three-year-old nephew on my
lap a second later I heard a loud
explosion we were all flown up in the
air then the roof collapsed and all went
black I started to touch my way out I
survived because the door and wooden
cabin fell on
me I came back to see what is left after
what happened all my family members were
wounded I suffered minor injuries I
miraculous LLY survived by the grace of
God while searching I came across a
child body part his leg seems to be my
nephews then I found parts of his brain
all blown out there you can see some of
his sculp his
hair that white bag over there is full
of the body parts and body organs we
found after the explosion some found on
the ground floor and some on the upper
one
when the house collapsed we were pushing
away concrete and pieces of Flesh at the
same
time my niece together with her 9
months-old baby were buried under the
debris as she battled her way out she
was pushing pieces of Flesh scattered
all over the place my three
sisters-in-law were
killed the past couple of days in the
middle area were not easy as the Israeli
forces targeted houses that had dozens
of displaced people people in the Gaza
Strip have no idea where to flee as
they're telling us that there's no safe
area not in the North not in the middle
area neither in the South however people
are witnessing starvation and endless
air strikes this is hind Al
jaaz